Chapter 1
- aggregate type/composite type - data type containing several pieces of information
- abstract data type - realization of a data type as a software
	component. The interface of the ADT is defined in terms of a type and a set of
	operations on that type. The behavior of each operation is determined by its inputs
	and outputs. An ADT does not specify how the data type is implemented. These
	implementation details are hidden from the user of the ADT and protected from
	outside access, a concept referred to as encapsulation.

- class - ADT + data structure

- Design patterns
	Flyweight - the various instances of references to a specific form of the one concrete copy
	Visitor - writing a generic version of an algorithm for every necessary time it is needed for an activity
	Composite - a group of objects is to be treated as a single instance of an object. Keeps uniformity in a part-whole hierarchy
	Strategy - handing the correct strategy to an object so it knows what to do with the information, but not the exact information. Let the object decide how the action will be performed.

Chapter 2 - Mathematical Notation
	in relations -- <x,y> = xRy
	equivalence relation - reflexive, symmetric and transitive
		a set can be partitioned into equivalence classes
		a relation on set S partitions the set into disjoint subsets whose elements are equivalent
	partial order - antisymmetric and transitive
	total order - if every pair of distinct elements in a partial order are comparable
	logarithms - 
		Logarithms have the following properties, for any positive values of m, n, and r, and any positive integers a and b.

		log(nm)=logn+logm.
		log(n/m)=logn−logm.
		log(n^r)=rlogn.
		log a n=log b n/log b a.

	closed form solution - given a summation, we often want to write it in terms of an algebraic equation
	recurrence relation - a function by means of an expression that includes one or more instances of itself

	direct proof(argument by deduction)
		a logical explanation, written in english
	proof by contradiction
		first assume that the theorm is false, then find a logical contradiction stemming from the assumptions
		If the contradiction is correct, then we must prove that the assumption is false is incorrect, meaning that the theorm must actually be correct
	induction
		Must have a theorm to prove
		Must prove that the theorm holds true for any value n
		To do this, must prove for:
			Base case: theorm holds for n = c
			Induction step: if theorm hold for n - 1, theorm holds for n
		Strong induction - 
			Base case is the same
			Induction step: If theorm holds for all k, where c <= k < n, then the theorm holds for n
		Induction hypothesis - What makes mathematical induction so powerful (and so mystifying to most people at first) is that we can take advantage of the assumption that Thrm holds for all values less than n as a tool to help us prove that Thrm holds for n

Chapter 3 - Algorithm Analysis
	asymptotic analysis - estimate the resource consumption of an algorithm, compare relative costs of two or more algorithms for solving the same problem, and estimate whether a solution before it is even implemented
	